These are the developers of Supybot, in approximate order of ____.

Jeremy Fincher (jemfinch) is a Computer Science student at The Ohio State
University.  He spends most of his free time with his girlfriend Meg, but
also plays chess and is trying to break into the Rugby world.  He hopes to
graduate with good enough grades to go to law school at some point in the
future.  He initially wrote the majority of the Supybot framework and
standard plugins, though he's been trying to slowly phase himself out of
plugin-writing and more into framework-enhancement.  Rather than list the
specific things he's done, you can just attribute anything that isn't
otherwise attributed to other people to him.

Daniel DiPaolo (Strike/ddipaolo) is a lazy Texan punk with no job who spends
his free time coding, playing ultimate frisbee, and arguing pointless things on
the internet.  As far as the bot goes, he's mainly a plugin developer but he
has helped here and there with various under-the-hood things and is one of the
few people (other than jemfinch) who understands the inner workings of Supybot.
His biggest plugin contribution (in terms of sheer lines of code) has been the
MoobotFactoids plugin and all the workd involved in getting that plugin to
work, but he has also helped with a lot of testing, debugging, and
brainstorming.  He also wrote the Dunno, News, and Todo plugins and is
responsible for a significant amount of code in the Poll, Debian, QuoteGrabs,
Karma, and ChannelDB plugins.

James Vega (jamessan) is an Electrical Engineering/Computer Science student at
Northeastern University.  He wrote the Sourceforge and Ebay plugins as well as
the first incarnation of the Babelfish commands and most of Amazon.  He has
also performed a significant amount of maintenance and refactoring of plugins
in general.  Some of the plugins that were affected the most are Debian,
FunDB, Gameknot, Http, Note, and Quote.  All of the link snarfers, save
Bugzilla's, were also written by jamessan.  His meddlings have prompted the
implementation of Toggleables, which eventually evolved to Configurables and
then to the current registry system.  As well as being the current webmaster,
he also overhauled the tool which is used to generate the site's HTML
documentation for Supybot and setup the weekly creation of CVS snapshots.

Brett Kelly (inkedmn) is a hobbyist (soon to be professional :)) coder
from southern California who enjoys collecting tattoos (on his body) and
drinking coffee with his wife.  He initially wrote the Note plugin as well
as several commands in the Http plugin.

Vincent Foley-Bourgon is a recently-graduated student from Quebec who
enjoys anything pointless, unprofitable, and generally useless.  Recently
returning to Supybot development (after writing the original freshmeat
command for the Http plugin) he wrote the entire Hangman infrastructure
for the Words plugin.

Daniel Berlin is a soon to be lawyer with a background in computer science
and compilers.  He enjoys selling crack to young homeless orphans, and works
on Supybot when he's not lawyering or hacking on gcc.

Keith Jones (kmj) dislikes talking about himself in the third person. He 
has an MS in Computer Science, and has decided to see how long he can go
without using that in any kind of professional capacity. To that end he 
is currently taking some math classes and applying to math Ph.D programs
so some day he can be a professor at a college near a snowy mountain where
he will ski every morning. So far, he hasn't done much for the project 
except squeeze Doug Bell's GPL'd unit conversion code into a supybot plugin. 

Stéphan Kochen (G-LiTe) is a lazy (soon to be) computer science student.
He's usually just freelancing and submitting patches here and there when he
bumps into a bug that bothers him, but Supybot is one of the first projects
he semi-actively tries to work on. ;) His biggest contribution has been the
refactoring of the supybot-wizard script to use the registry, though he also
likes to track down those nasty obscure bugs which haunt many of our fine
applications these days.
