EVERYONE:
---------
Read LICENSE.  It's a 2-clause BSD license, but you should read it anyway.


USERS:
------
First, you gotta have Python 2.3 for this.  That's alright, though,
because Python 2.3 rocks, and you should have it anyway :)

Assuming "python" is in your path and points to Python 2.3 or newer,
then you need to run this:

python setup.py install

from the untarred directory to install the source files.  Then just
run supybot-wizard.py (it's been installed in your path somewhere) to
create a script that will run your bot as you answered the questions
in the wizard.

If you have any trouble, feel free to swing by #supybot on
irc.freenode.net or irc.oftc.net (we have a supybot there relaying, so
either network works) and ask questions.  We'll be happy to help
wherever we can.  And by all means, if you find anything hard to
understand or think you know of a better way to do something, *please*
post it on Sourceforge.net so we can improve the bot!


WINDOWS USERS:
--------------
The wizards (supybot-wizard.py, supybot-newplugin.py, and
supybot-adduser.py) are all installed to your Python directory's
\Scripts.  What that *probably* means is that you'll run them like
this: C:\Python23\Scripts\supybot-wizard.py .


DEVELOPERS:
-----------
Read OVERVIEW to see what the modules are used for.  Read EXAMPLE to see some
examples of callbacks and command written for the bot.  Read STYLE if you ever
wish to contribute.

Use PyChecker.  Believe me, it makes things better.  A sample
.pycheckrc file is included as tools/pycheckrc.  Copy this to your
~/.pycheckrc and you'll be able to check your code with the same
stringent guidelines I've found useful to check my code.

Use PyLint.  It's even better than PyChecker.  A sample .pylintrc file
is included as tools/pylintrc.  Copy this to ~/.pylintrc and you'll be
able to check your code with the same stringent guidelines I've found
useful to check my code. (deja vu? :))

If you run the tests on Windows (or on a modem connection), be sure to 
exclude (test\test.py -e) test\test_Debian.py.  
