Read PEP 8 (Guido's Style Guide) and know that we use almost all the
same style guidelines.

Maximum line length is 79 characters.  78 is a safer bet, though.

Identation is 4 spaces per level.  No tabs.

Single quotes are used for all string literals that aren't docstrings.
They're just easier to type.

Triple double quotes (""") are always used for docstrings.

Spaces go around all operators (except around '=' in default arguments
to functions) and after all commas (unless doing so keeps a line
within the 79 character limit).

Class names are StudlyCaps.  Method and function names are camelCaps
(StudlyCaps with an initial lowercase letter).  If variable and
attribute names can maintain readability without being camelCaps, then
they should be entirely in lowercase, otherwise they should also use
camelCaps.  Plugin names are StudlyCaps.

Imports should always happen at the top of the module, one import per
line (so if imports need to be added or removed later, it can be done
easily).

Unless absolutely required by some external force, imports should be
ordered by the string length of the module imported.  I just think it
looks prettier.

A blank line should be between all consecutive method declarations in
a class definition.  Two blank lines should be between all consecutive
class definitions in a file.  Comments are even better than blank
lines for separating classes.

Database filenames should generally begin with the name of the plugin
and the extension should be 'db'.  baseplugin.DBHandler does this
already.

Whenever creating a file descriptor or socket, keep a reference around
and be sure to close it.  There should be no code like this:
  s = urllib2.urlopen('url').read()
Instead, do this:
  fd = urllib2.urlopen('url')
  s = fd.read()
  fd.close()
This is to be sure the bot doesn't leak file descriptors.

All plugins should include a docstring decsribing what the plugin
does.  This docstring will be returned when the user wants help on a
plugin.

Method docstrings in classes deriving from callbacks.Privmsg should
include an argument list as their first line, and after that a blank
line followed by a longer description of what the command does.  The
argument list is used by the 'syntax' command, and the longer
description is used by the 'help' command.

Whenever joining more than two strings, use string interpolation, not
addition:
  s = x + y + z # Bad.
  s = '%s%s%s' % (x, y, z) # Good.
  s = ''.join([x, y, z]) # Best, but not as general.
This has to do with efficiency; the intermediate string x+y is made
(and thus copied) before x+y+z is made, so it's less efficient.

When writing strings that have formatting characters in them, don't
use anything but %s unless you absolutely must.  In particular, %d
should never be used, it's less general than %s and serves no useful
purpose.

Use the log module to its fullest; when you need to print some values
to debug, use self.log.debug to do so, and leave those print
statements in the code (commented out) so they can later be
re-enabled.  Remember that once code is buggy, it tends to have more
bugs, and you'll probably need those print statements again.

While on the topic of logs, note that we do not use % with logged
strings; we simple pass the format parameters as additional
arguemnts.

SQL table names should be all-lowercase and include underscores to
separate words.  This is because SQL itself is case-insensitive.

SQL statements in code should put SQL words in ALL CAPS:
  SELECT quote FROM quotes ORDER BY random() LIMIT 1

All plugins should have test cases written for them.  Even if it
doesn't actually test anything but just exists, it's good to have the
test there so there's a place to add more tests later (and so we can
be sure that all plugins are adequately documented.

All uses of eval() that expect to get integrated in Supybot must be
approved by jemfinch, no exceptions.
